update description about CentOS 7 EOL (#19429)
pingcap/docs: hardware-and-software-requirements.md

        <td><ul><li>x86_64</li><li>ARM 64</li></ul></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>

>         <td><ul><li>Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.3 or a later 7.x version</li><li>CentOS 7.3 or a later 7.x version (TiDB ends support for it in 8.4 DMR)</li></ul></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td><ul><li>Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.3 or a later 7.x version</li><li>CentOS 7.3 or a later 7.x version (TiDB ends support for it starting from 8.4 DMR)</li></ul></td>
```

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > - According to [CentOS Linux EOL](https://blog.centos.org/2023/04/end-dates-are-coming-for-centos-stream-8-and-centos-linux-7/), the upstream support for CentOS Linux 7 ends on June 30, 2024. TiDB ends the support for CentOS 7 in the 8.4 DMR version. It is recommended to use Rocky Linux 9.1 or a later version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > - According to [CentOS Linux EOL](https://blog.centos.org/2023/04/end-dates-are-coming-for-centos-stream-8-and-centos-linux-7/), the upstream support for CentOS Linux 7 ends on June 30, 2024. TiDB ends the support for CentOS 7 starting from the 8.4 DMR version. It is recommended to use Rocky Linux 9.1 or a later version.
```
